#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
accelerate==0.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
    #   trl
aiobotocore==2.13.3
    # via s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.13
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.1
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.34.106
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
botorch==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-holo
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via wandb
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trl
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via tyro
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
gpytorch==1.11
    # via botorch
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-holo
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jaxtyping==0.2.38
    # via linear-operator
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lightning-utilities==0.14.0
    # via torchmetrics
linear-operator==0.5.1
    # via
    #   botorch
    #   gpytorch
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   botorch
    #   sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via botorch
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numba==0.61.0
    # via pynndescent
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-holo
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   trl
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.20.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.5.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hydra-core
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via pyro-ppl
optuna==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pytest
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   seaborn
peft==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via wandb
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   wandb
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pyro-api==0.1.2
    # via pyro-ppl
pyro-ppl==1.9.1
    # via botorch
pytest==8.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-holo==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchdata
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
rich==13.9.4
    # via tyro
s3fs==2024.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gpytorch
    #   pynndescent
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botorch
    #   linear-operator
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.22.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.5
    # via wandb
shtab==1.7.1
    # via tyro
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
sympy==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via pytest
torch==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   botorch
    #   linear-operator
    #   peft
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-holo
    #   torchdata
    #   torchmetrics
    #   trl
torchdata==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torcheval==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==1.4.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.41.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
    #   trl
triton==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
trl==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via linear-operator
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   torcheval
    #   tyro
tyro==0.9.1
    # via trl
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   torchdata
wadler-lindig==0.1.3
    # via jaxtyping
wandb==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-holo
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via aiobotocore
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
